It's cheap for Mr. Lu
But for me
This is a gift from my boyfriend.
I am very real
So please give it back to me, Mr. Lu
When else do you want to get dirty?
I took it outside last night and gave it a try
It's not you at all
You even came to see me off on purpose
And put the earrings on my bed
Don't you just want to get my attention?
This indulgent way
If you play too much, you will really get tired of it.
Mr. Lu, you can't get along, let me go
What do you want?
I don't want the earrings.
Please don't bother me again.
You are the fiancé of my lady
Where were you on the night of June 17th?
This period of time
I've been in the hospital the whole time.
Xu Yunchen is my mother's attending doctor
I spent every day with her.
Get out
Go away